Congratulations. You've come to the conclusion of ROS essentials.
After the understanding of ROS,
you are now prepared for the projects to come.
While we hope you now have a solid understanding of the fundamental concepts of ROS,
the lessons here are by no means comprehensive.
Fortunately, there are a wealth of resources available online.
First and foremost, is the ROS wiki.
The ROS wiki is the primary source of documentation for all official ROS packages.
Additionally, the ROS wiki hosts many helpful tutorials.
Aside from a simple web search,
this is probably the first place you should go if you are having a ROS related problem.
If the wiki does not provide the answers you need,
ROS answers is the next best bet.
With tens of thousands of questions and answers,
there's a good chance that somebody has
already solved the problem that you are dealing with.
We hope you're excited to keep building robots with ROS.